{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In the project there are two scenes. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 1: PerceptualTest.scene:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The configuration in this scene is completely controlled by a test control script. No WGW or SDN processing is being done real-time. The program is simply playing generated sound files at the correct positions.\
By disabling the test control script attached to Main Camera, the user can get control.\
Scripts attached to the emptySoundEmitter can be toggled on and off to process the sound:\
\
WGW and WGWdraw, will apply WGW processing, which can not produce audio in real-time, unless there are only two or three nodes. However, using the audioRec script you can record the generated audio, and save it as an audio clip.\
\
SDN and SDNdraw are the original scripts from scatAR. They will produce SDN reverberation applied in real-time.\
\
generateWGWIR and ConvolutionUploadIR both need to be activated in order to generate WGW processed audio in real-time. Additionally the Convolution plugin must be active on the main Resonance audio mixer. This generates an impulse response based on WGW, and later convolves it with the input. Note that the convolution plugin has a slider for \'93use sample\'94. This variable must correspond with the variable set inside the ConvolutionUploadIR script.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2: PEAQSetup.scene:\
This scene holds the rooms from which the files for the PEAQ evaluation was generated. The following variables were modified for each recording:\
Apply SDN/WGW scripts\
Filtercase controls whether the networks should use lowpass or all pass filtering. This is present in both SDN and WGW.\
Wall absorption coefficient is modified between 0.80, 0.90, 0.94 and 0.97 to produce files for different reverberant tails.\
\
For any questions about the project, refer to jholfelt@gmail.com\
}